Add warning and fix to htmx how-to (#727)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/how-tos/providing-html-content-using-htmx.rst

.. image:: ../_static/how-tos/htmx-demo.gif

.. warning::

>   This is a proof of concept showing what can be achieved using both technologies.
>   Some security concerns may be overlooked. Use at your own discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is a proof of concept showing what can be achieved using both technologies.
  We are working on `plmustache <https://github.com/PostgREST/plmustache>`_ which will further improve the...
```
